README.md, before:

# HTML & CSS Capstone Project
# StartUp Locator
![Hireable](https://cdn.rawgit.com/hiendv/hireable/master/styles/default/yes.svg)

>This project is a website based on [PatashuleKE design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE).


# Project Screenshot
![screenshot](https://github.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/blob/github-pages/assets/images/startupmockup1.jpg?raw=true)
![screenshot](https://github.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/blob/github-pages/assets/images/mockup2.png?raw=true)
 
 # 5 Minute Video Demo.
 -  [Click here to watch the video.](https://youtu.be/gJqinoIPJK4)

This is a frontend based project for a website that seeks job opportunities for people on potential start-ups located principally in Silicon Valey CA or start-ups associated with the tech industry. 

This project has been developed to accomplish the HTML and CSS capstone project at Microverse.

## Built With

- Bootstrap.
- HTML5.
- CSS.
- Stylelint and [github-workflows](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css) for linting purpose.     
- html-validator for HTML.

## Live Demo

-  [Hosted on GitHack](https://rawcdn.githack.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/e7c3c8d92abfac093b9a47872abf7eedf4bb6df2/index.html)

## Getting Started

**Install on Your Own Machine.**
**You can skip the linter and HTML validators setup if you don't want to validate the code**

Setup your machine setup

### Prerequisites

  > All the prerequisites are optional

- Git
- HTML validator
- CSS Linters


## Authors

👤 **Luis Felipe Angulo Torres**

- Github: [@pipe2442](https://github.com/pipe2442)
- Twitter: [@pipe2442](https://twitter.com/pipe2442)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-felipe-angulo-torres-95098b139/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Thanks Microverse][https://github.com/microverseinc]
- [Acknowledgments for PatashuleKE. Thanks for your design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE).
  
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Add install instructions on readme file

README.md, after:

# HTML & CSS Capstone Project
# StartUp Locator
![Hireable](https://cdn.rawgit.com/hiendv/hireable/master/styles/default/yes.svg)

>This project is a website based on [PatashuleKE design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE).


# Project Screenshot
![screenshot](https://github.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/blob/github-pages/assets/images/startupmockup1.jpg?raw=true)
![screenshot](https://github.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/blob/github-pages/assets/images/mockup2.png?raw=true)
 
 # 5 Minute Video Demo.
 -  [Click here to watch the video.](https://youtu.be/gJqinoIPJK4)

This is a frontend based project for a website that seeks job opportunities for people on potential start-ups located principally in Silicon Valey CA or start-ups associated with the tech industry. 

This project has been developed to accomplish the HTML and CSS capstone project at Microverse.

## Built With

- Bootstrap.
- HTML5.
- CSS.
- Stylelint and [github-workflows](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css) for linting purpose.     
- html-validator for HTML.

## Live Demo

-  [Hosted on GitHack](https://rawcdn.githack.com/pipe2442/HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project/e7c3c8d92abfac093b9a47872abf7eedf4bb6df2/index.html)

## Getting Started

**Install on Your Own Machine.**
**You can skip the linter and HTML validators setup if you don't want to validate the code**

Setup your machine setup

### Prerequisites

  > All the prerequisites are optional

- Git
- HTML validator
- CSS Linters

### Usage

Cd into the repository "cd HTML-CSS-Capstone-Project"

Open the "index.html" file and run it with any browser of your choice



## Authors

👤 **Luis Felipe Angulo Torres**

- Github: [@pipe2442](https://github.com/pipe2442)
- Twitter: [@pipe2442](https://twitter.com/pipe2442)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-felipe-angulo-torres-95098b139/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Thanks Microverse][https://github.com/microverseinc]
- [Acknowledgments for PatashuleKE. Thanks for your design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE).
  
## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
